come to me with no contradiction like
without a mask.
I'm afraid.
Yeah. What are you afraid of?
Essentially, in this coaching session
that happened during one of our live
Q&As's, we meet a person who's trying to
get it right. They're trying to get it
right so much. They're trying to make
sure that they ask the right questions.
And what they find out underneath is
that fear of getting it wrong. there's
actually freedom in it. I've been
feeling more of that heartbreak in my
life and um and it's just crazy. A
similar experience, my dad's birthday
came past and I was trying to decide
whether to call him. Yeah. I mean,
there's lots of abandonment and neglect
in
that past and
um I've noticed that there's a there's a
resistance to connect with my body. I've
been trying breath work. I've been
trying to go outside more and there's a
that terror that fear I don't know
there's so I think my question is
uh like how can I love the resistance
how can I you know what what can I
what's stopping me like like literally
like you said to breathe and I have and
I've been doing it more but I kid you
not like I avoid it I I I like oh I got
other stuff going on and it and and it's
breathing for five minutes a day. Like,
right. And I'm sad. I'm sad that I got
that advice and it's been so hard to
implement it and it and I'm feel like
I'm betraying myself all over again with
everything I've learned and it just
Yeah.
What What's the question?
How do I let in the the fear? How do I
uh So, what I notic is almost everything
you're telling me, you're also
contradicting in your body language. So,
like you you do this. You say, "How do I
let in the fear?"
Right? Almost everything you're doing,
you're like you're
you're showing
happiness like your face is smiling
though that's not what's actually
happening underneath. There's like a
like there's tension. There's tension
but there's also like a
contradiction. So what is it to come to
me without contradiction?
The other way to say it
is like it's like your dad is in your
head fighting with who you are.
And so what is it to come to me without
that fight?
That's you're closer, but you're still
there's still a trying. What's the
trying?
trying to ask the right question. Yeah.
So, I don't need you to try.
It feels like there's more clarity on
what I need to say to people like my
dad and I'm afraid to say it.
I'm afraid to say it.
I'm afraid of what they're going to
react. How he's going to
react like
Like you're gonna I want to just go
back. What is it for you to be here with
me without contradiction?
Feels better than thinking about the
question. That's good.
Yeah. What What makes you push yourself?
So afraid of doing something wrong.
Tell me one thing you've done wrong when
you aren't pushing yourself.
You're pushing yourself right now.
Question. Feels
like I haven't done anything wrong and I
haven't pushed myself. Like nothing's
coming to mind. Yeah. Now, think about
all the things that you think you've
done wrong and how many of them are
happening while you're pushing yourself.
Oh, me. How can that be?
[Music]
And again, I'm just going to ask you
like come to me with no contradiction,
like without a
mask. afraid.
Yeah. What are you afraid of
essentially?
To
feel to feel. Great. What are you going
to have to feel?
If you weren't afraid, what would you be
feeling?
Feeling anxiety right now.
Yeah. So, let's see what it's like to
feel that all the
way. Like the way that you wanted that
woman to receive the compliment, I want
you to receive the anxiety the same way.
So what makes you push
yourself? Felt like I had to be
something else to be
loved. The kid. Yeah.
So, why don't we just cut to the
chase? Why don't you just love yourself
as you are right
now? There is a feeling of love. Feel
that love and put it towards you.
It's like I've given that love to
everyone else.
Yeah.
Feels like when I try to give it to
myself, I want to run.
That's what you're
doing. Okay. Running.
Running.
Running. There we go.
You let you're letting some in. See what
it's like to let let a little more
in.
Running running
running running running.
It's okay to run, by the way. I don't
have any judgment.
Thank you. I feel bad for
running. It's
natural. That's how you run. One of the
ways you run is to feel bad.
feel like I get into this loop a lot. I
get into you and and then I get into
this. Yeah.
You do.
That's okay.
Feeling tingliness through my body and
shoulders. It's like It's like different
but goosebumps.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like you're you're
you're letting some of it
in. Yeah.
Get it.